$Id$

This is a library to aid in reading and writing of
the e57 file format.

The library is self contained, i.e. it depends only on ANSI Std. C++
features and should be able to compile with any recent compiler that
has support for TR1. (If TR1 is not vailable it is possible to use
boost tr1 implementation instead.)

The only library that e57 depends on is "tinyxml" from
http://www.grinninglizard.com/tinyxml/index.html
which comes with a rather permissive license. This library is used
for the XML encoding/decoding part, because it is very lightweight
and simple to use. Since the used part of the library contains only
three source files and one header no separate library build step is
required. The whole library can be shrink-wrapped with the application.

The example directory contains two files that demonstrate reading and
writing files. As of this writing the library is only a interface design
study, i.e. it does not yet generate the real e57 file that will consist
of several stream mapped into a single file. Instead each stream uses
it's own file, and so does the xml part.

To compile the examples (and the library) the following options exist:

  1) Copy the files from the src directory to your project (e.g. the
     examples) and specify them to your compiler just as source files.
     Add the definitions of TIXML_USE_STL to your cmdline when compiling 
     the files.
     Make sure your compiler is able find the include directory. (one
     below e57, e.g -Iroot_of_e57/include)
     
  2) Use the makefile from build/make. I.e. open a shell in this subdir
     and invoke make from there. This assumes you have gnu g++ and 
     gnumake available.
     
  3) Use boost build system (aka. bjam) from build/bb subdirectory. This 
     approach while needing the installation of boost.build as a prerequisite
     has the benefit that it is working with a lot of different compilers
     and on various platforms.
       
  4) Use one of the suuplied IDE project setups. (Not available yet.)
  
TODO:
  1) Is tinyxml capable enough? Alternatives?
  2) Definition of the stream container file i.e. e57 format.
